Purpose: 
  Creates a MECM based standalone media (ISO)  

Prerequisites: 
  Access to MECM console
  MECM Boot Image (WinPE)
 
Instructions:
  MECM – Create an MECM package
  1. Copy the Complied exe (PowerShell script) to the MECM contents source location
  2. Launch MECM console
  3. Right-click Packages
  4. Select Create Package
  5. Provide a package name and source files location
  6. Select Do not create a program
  7. Click Next to create the package

  MECM – Task Sequence Creation
  1. Launch MECM Console
  2. Navigate to Operating Systems
  3. Right-click the Task Sequences
  4. Select Create a new custom task sequence
  5. Provide a task sequence name
  6. - Click Next
  7. Right-click the newly created task sequence and select Edit
  8. Click Add – General – Run Command line
  9. Command line: “cmd.exe /c <Your Compiled Script EXE”
  10. Select Package and reference your Script package
  11. Click Apply
  12. Click Ok

  MECM – Standalone Media Creation
  1. Launch MECM Console
  2. Navigate to Operating Systems
  3. Right-click Task Sequences
  4. Select Create Task Sequence Media
  5. Select Stand-alone media
  6. Select cd/dvd set and configure the media size
  7. Under Media File, Click Browse. Specify the name and path of the output Media file
  8. Click Save
  9. Select Password or Date range in the Security page
  10. On the Stand-Alone CD/DVD page, click Browse and select the task sequence
  11. Verify the list of content referenced by the task sequence. Click Next
  12. Click Next in the associated application dependencies
  13. Click Next in the Select application content to add page
  14. Click Next in the Select package content to add page
  15. Click Next in the Select driver package content to add page
  16. Specify the distribution points on the Distribution Points page containing the required content
  17. Select the DP and click Add
  18. Click Next in the Customization page
  19. Review the task sequence media details, and click Next
  20. After completing successfully, click close to exit the wizard.